Clarify vcdm (#146)
vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc: draft-terbu-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

registry as defined in [@!RFC7519], as well as public and
private claims.

> Note: This specification does not utilize [@W3C.VCDM].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This specification does not utilize the W3C's Verifiable Credentials Data Model.

```

Reviewer: and delete the whole `<reference anchor="W3C.VCDM / VC-DATA" target="https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model-2.0/">...<reference/>` block (which is more than GH will let me suggest)

Author: ```suggestion
Note: This specification does not utilize the W3C's Verifiable Credentials Data Model v1.0, v1.1, or v2.0.
```

>         </front>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        </front>
```

-03

* added non-selectively disclosable JWT VC

> * added a noe that this is not w3c vcdm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* added a note that this is not w3c vcdm.
```
